4560 firewood Wow you know what maybe we
should make sure we got I ain't got a
drill in that when we do
yeah
yeah that's good idea thank you
Yass good idea no it's good idea what's
good yeah I like it yeah like that
looks good finish that end off right
there today yeah this one uh be good
broken seams rusted right through
they've been working on it before so
they just build except one so lucky
they're getting a rubber roof put on
this thing seam is busted rotting good
so what we do here is just people that
want to know as we look for all of our
rafters and as you can see here with
mark them find the center mark everyone
nice let's good guys
so you glue it there's three man
operations no doubt about it see what my
guys doing to glue glue guys you got a
pitch on your roof it's obviously better
if you take a little piece of something
to keep your bucket sliding off group
never worry about use plenty of glue do
about two foot at a time each side each
side does exactly the same slinging it
tries to keep the same thickness same
whip will get a guy out here in the
middle start pulling giving it some air
under it so that it doesn't stick to
itself which it's pretty good anyway
because this stuff has talcum like
powder on it to keep it from sticking to
itself during this process
yeah there you go
the Steelers there we go it looks good
guy on each side make sure you got
plenty in your gutters on both sides
because you don't want to be short man
in the middle wants to just keep that
center line with the center so it's not
talking over to one side or the other
movie buckets make your lines spread
your glue guy comes behind them sweeps
any wrinkles out of it gives a good
contact to the roof pretty much it much
it finished these guys come around with
some termination bar which you'll see in
the later part of the video thanks for
watching
right here